Detroit Police?
There has been a
theft in the museum.
Chief, we've got Marcellus.
Yo, let's go!
Why are you such
a stick in the mud?
It's not just my
scene, that's all.
Why do you even want
to hang out with me?
You enjoy your Detroit
friends so much better.
They don't matter like you do.
- Even your mother was...
- My mother?
You gotta be kidding me.
What the hell, man?
Would you please stop?
I can take care of myself.
What is that?
Stick in the mud.
What was that?
Did you hear that?
Hey, come on out,
you piece of shit.
Rachelle, run!
Mornin', Billie.
Hell of a way to
start a mornin'.
Check in with
Lieutenant Rossman.
He'll get your assignment
at the crime scene, okay?
What's with him?
He's not a suspect.
We already cleared him.
But he's an asshole.
I know.
Well, looky who it is.
I ain't doin' a
thing wrong, officer.
What you want, huh?
You want to come look at
my little girl's grave?
And how many times you been
here since you got her killed?
Oh, you got Brie all worked
up about serving her country,
left her poor mother
at home to suffer.
And now they're
both fuckin' dead.
Put the beer away, Cal.
Go home.
Finnick.
You're up.
Major.
Torch, this is Paladin.
Paladin, this is Torch.
We have the package.
No!
Let's go!
I order you to breathe.
Look, you cannot die.
You cannot die.
I need you here.
I need you.
I mean, your dad
and, you know, Ellis.
No, no, no.
No, you breathe, dammit.
Brie!
Brie.
Brie, no, look at
me, look at me.
Brie.
Detectives, what've we got?
We got Raj Dalal,
36 years old,
Rachelle Winston's boyfriend,
the girl whose body we
found in the cemetery.
Oh.
Is he her killer?
I don't know, Chief, but, uh,
he's definitely
hiding somethin'.
I mean, wow.
We got a call for a B and
E, over at Cherrywood Estates.
When we arrived on the location,
we found Raj over here
hiding in a woodshed.
You think because
maybe he whacked his girlfriend?
Show him the piece, man.
Found this little
pea-shooter here.
Didn't even take a single shot.
You think he did it, Chief?
No.
Look at this guy.
He's terrified in there.
He's about to piss himself.
Definitely.
I'm Detective O'Connor.
This is Detective Alayoubi.
We're with the Lake Orion PD.
We'd like to ask you
a series of questions.
Can you please state your
name and age for the record?
Raj Dalal, 36.
Raj, do you know
why you're here?
No.
Can you tell me
about Rachelle Winston?
You were her boyfriend, right?
We just hung out
a couple of times.
Let's take this step by step.
Where were you, last night?
You guys
wouldn't believe me.
Try us.
We're the good guys.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down.
English, please.
I saw a devil, last night.
We were just hanging out
by, by the Oakwood Cemetery,
and this creature, man,
just came out of nowhere
with glowing eyes, a tail,
screams like a banshee.
It killed her, man.
They call it Nain Rouge.
It killed her.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
so you're telling me
you saw a creature
with glowing eyes and a tail?
That's what you're telling me?
Yes.
You believe this
fuckin' guy, partner?
Did you kill Rachelle Winston?
No, I didn't kill,
I didn't kill her.
Nain Rouge killed her.
Trust me.
Trust you?
I need a lawyer.
That's the smartest thing
you said all day, today.
Thanks for wasting our time.
Get the fuck out.
I didn't want her
to go back down there.
I tried to keep her here.
I knew she was running
with a bad crowd,
a real bad crowd.
Had she been living
in the city long?
I, I think so.
We haven't talked much
in the past few months,
not like we used to.
She only comes around
when she wants money.
I just, I just couldn't
talk to her anymore.
But the last time that she came,
I felt like I, I had
to make her stay.
But she wouldn't listen.
That was a week ago.
And now she's gone.
My little girl is gone.
We'll find who
did this, Wendy.
We'll find him.
Don't tell me this is
some contract hit, Chief.
Billie Jean, you
find me some witnesses,
and I'll hear your case
about some serial killer
hiding up in the area.
Until then, this
is an inside hit.
I'm sure of it,
just like the one before.
You heard Wendy.
That girl was running around
with a powerful city gang.
Yeah, well, troubled kids
in small towns do, sir.
And I'm telling you,
there's something
bigger going on here.
I feel it.
Are you okay?
It's a monster.
It's here.
It's living in the woods
beyond my property.
I saw it.
Anna Lee, I am not the person
to be acting like this
in front of, all right?
Come with me now.
I'm gonna take you home, okay?
I'm really not gonna be
that man, I'm just sayin'.
Finnick, what's up, sexy?
Oh, shit.
You're gonna get
throat punched.
And you're mean.
Sit the fuck down.
- Don't tell me to sit down.
- Sit, troll.
I'm sorry, Mom, Dad.
Why, why?
I'm not two.
Anyway.
Finnick, I got the
Winston case files.
What do you think?
You think it's a gang
or something bigger?
Something bigger?
What could be bigger?
All the stuff
we've been through,
we've seen some shit.
Yeah, but that was war.
Okay, that wasn't here.
At least in war, you know
who your enemy is and why.
And you don't think
that can happen here?
Desperate times,
desperate measures?
Have you ever heard
of the Nain Rouge?
Yeah, I think we have.
I mean, we have a
witness back there
that I fucking just beamed
his head off the damn table,
talkin' about a
little red devil,
pointy ears, long tail, yeah.
He's full of shit.
What, you believe it?
I don't believe any of it.
You don't believe it?
No.
I mean, I'm not
saying I believe it.
But there's a lot of coincidence
and a lot of talk
around town about it.
That doesn't mean I believe
in demons and monsters.
We need to get to the
bottom of this, okay?
I believe we need
to figure it out.
We're on it.
Get to work, ladies.
She's fuckin' high.
Officer, officer!
Officer, you need
to get over there.
This
motherfucker killed somebody.
- You guys called this in?
- Yeah, we called it in.
- All right.
- There's a motherfucker
and dragged the body back there.
- Calm down.
- There's blood everywhere.
Calm down, tell
me what you saw.
A man just dragged
his body back there.
There's blood in the
back of the chapel.
There's freakin'
blood everywhere.
It looked like Hannibal
Lecter and some shit.
Okay, where?
He just dragged him inside.
- It's everywhere.
- Look, I'm from Detroit,
and I ain't never
seen shit like that.
- Where?
- In the back of the chapel.
Stay right here.
Freeze!
Shit.
Radio 502.
I've got an active
homicide at this location.
Back-up
units, right now.
Oh my gosh, Billie, you okay?
Yeah, I'm good.
You had shots fired there.
Yeah, three of 'em.
And I know I hit him.
Chief, it's been years
since the last homicide.
I've never seen
anything this brutal,
not even in combat.
Hey, DJ Godfather,
what's up, man?
Hey, what up, man?
Have you seen this guy?
Yeah, he's a regular.
Corner booth, right over there.
I fuckin' knew it.
Come on, let's go.
When's the last time
you played with pyrotechnics?
You know, I was really
starting to get to know her.
Really don't give a shit.
She's an art history major.
What do you know about
a crackhead named Ike?
I think both of you are
way out of your jurisdiction.
Can you believe
this fuckin' guy?
Don't worry, Marcellus,
we already filled out
our deconfliction report.
I'm not gonna have the answers
for the questions
you're gonna ask.
Neither of you have any idea who
or what you are fucking with.
I don't give a shit
about your daddy.
You understand that?
Look at me, I don't give a shit.
It's got nothing
to do with him.
What are you gonna do,
tell us a story about
a little red devil?
- What the...
- Whoa, whoa!
Don't be stupid,
don't be stupid.
- Who told you?
- Walk away.
- Hey, Billie.
- Hey.
You called, Chief?
Hey, Billie, come
on in and have a seat.
Give you one guess
where our victim's from.
25-year-old male,
low-level hood rat,
runs around with a group
called, you ready for it?
The Corpses, kinda
fitting now, isn't it?
This is guy is a wanted felon,
wanted for weapons and
firearms violations.
He's got a criminal history
you could wallpaper
your bathroom with.
What do we say about these
guys around town, Billie?
Play stupid games...
Win stupid prizes.
What the hell is
he doing out here?
No clue, but this much I know,
whatever he was doin',
he's not doin' it no more.
Probably a contract hit,
inter-gang violence,
but somebody wanted him removed.
Is the city
gonna get involved?
No, the city doesn't give two
shits about a guy like this.
He runs out of their
city and comes to ours
and gets murdered, the
only thing they care about,
he's off their radar.
The mutilated that man.
There's no way that
was some ordinary hit.
It wasn't an
ordinary hit, Billie.
He was mutilated.
But the one thing you have
to remember, your focus,
your attention is that
we have our own people,
and with that, our own problems.
Are we done?
We are, just read the
case and know the file.
Yes, Chief.
Please accept these
special shell-casings
as a reminder of
this shot volley
in honor of your
daughter's commitment
to our freedom, by
entering the Armed Forces.
If you have any questions,
the court phone
number's on the bottom.
Have a better day.
Radio 502, cleared traffic.
Pastor Wilhem,
how are you today?
Officer Finnick,
I'm good, thank you.
As always, I feel the
current temperament
of the people of Lake Orion,
but today, as in
the past few days,
we're very concerned
and especially frustrated.
Is there anything I can
say to the congregation,
any news at all, about
this sordid mess,
the accident that
took several lives,
even of someone not so innocent?
Well, you know, we share
in your frustration, Pastor.
This definitely
wasn't an accident.
It's been ruled a homicide.
And we are currently pursuing
all leads for suspects.
Aside from the low-income
crime which we deal with here,
the last thing our youth needs
is the immeasurable
negative impact
of the gang activity and the
drug abuse and the prostitution
which runs rampant in
that horrible place.
Mulder.
Major?
Now that's a
voice I haven't heard from,
in a long time.
What can I do for you, Finnick?
I've got big trouble
in a small town, sir.
Thank you, officers.
Please follow me right this
way to the crime scene.
This is our Native
American exhibit,
where the crime was initiated.
Will you follow me
to the concourse?
Sure.
You know, Dr. Sudhir
is curator, of course,
and, um, he knows a lot
about this situation,
and he could probably
explain it better than I.
I keep an eye on our city's
most important artifacts.
But something's slipped
through the cracks,
from what I understand.
Oh, yes, a most
unfortunate crime.
It was done close to around
midnight, well planned.
Nightingale, what does this
have to do with Lake Orion?
It's fear, officer,
fear of pain,
fear of death, fear
of the unknown,
were you to have
this here knife,
and others saw possibilities.
I'm not following.
The knife is a weapon that
was forged in fire and blood,
by the Native Americans,
South Michigan.
Chief Pontiac himself carved
the knife from the bone
of the wolf that was
killed by a French soldier.
The knife in
question was a weapon
of the Ottawa Indian tribe
who prospered like
thousands of years ago,
in and around the area
we're standing on, today.
Now the knife is said to
endow the one who holds it
with a protector, a
ruthless guardian angel.
And it would give them warning,
share the land and
take only what you need
and do not destroy
to live, or else.
Unfortunately for
those French settlers,
our great city, they
did not heed the words
of what they called
the Nain Rouge,
and Detroit has suffered
for it, ever since.
If you are holding the knife,
it may even come for you.
But if you are not the
one who summoned it,
it will kill you.
So be warned.
You may only have this
one chance to stop it.
The book suggests
that one has to strike the knife
in the back of its
neck, to banish it.
It makes sense.
You know, a couple
of months ago,
there was a murder,
particularly gruesome murder,
top-tier gangster.
He hadn't been shot,
stabbed, tortured,
nothing like that.
He'd been torn to
shreds, Finnick.
I mean torn to shreds.
Man, after that,
every other day,
four or five times
a week, same thing.
That knife was used
to summon a demon.
Who would summon this thing?
Why?
Who knows?
I mean, payback, somebody
wants to get even,
right a wrong, I don't know,
but what I do know is this
thing has gotten out of hand,
and we have to find that knife.
Hello.
Who is this?
Wait, wait,
wait, hold on, calm down.
Calm down, look, lower your
voice, lower your voice.
Where the fuck are you?
I had this, this
gorgeous, this, this,
this beautiful turkey sandwich
with all the trimmings.
I'm talkin' about lettuce,
tomatoes, yellow peppers,
a little hint of salt
and pepper, mayo.
And this wasn't
some supermarket,
thin-cut slice of
processed bullshit.
This that thick-cut turkey,
the kind they get
me from Canada.
Talk about a trade deal.
So what do I do?
I wrap it up, and I put
it in the refrigerator.
But you know that shit's
not gonna hold, right?
I wouldn't have
called you out here
- if it wasn't serious.
- Lettuce gonna get all moist.
Bread's gonna soak
up part of the mayo.
I don't take it with me,
'cause I don't wanna risk
spilling it on my $3,000 suit,
but when my son calls, I
drop everything, don't I?
Listen, some serious
shit is gonna go down...
Don't say another
goddamned word.
I only got less than one week
before I put all
my ducks in a row,
and you're just a
duck waitin' to quack.
What, you think I'm
gonna go out there
and start tellin'
everybody about what we do?
- You fuck up...
- I'm gonna sacrifice...
And you fuck up,
and you fuck up,
and I handle it, don't I?
You were supposed to
be right by my side,
standing right next
to me, father and son.
I mean, hell, we could've been.
- But here we are, right?
- It's another lifetime.
Time and time, again.
This time, it's different.
Oh, it is?
Listen, some
heavy shit is about
to happen in your jurisdiction.
I need your help.
Let me tell you something.
Me meetin' you here, in
this town, in this place,
I mean, wow,
you must've really fucked up royally.
I came here to meet
you face to face,
to tell you one more time,
that you not gettin'
no more favors
from dear, old
Dad, nothing, nada.
We're done.
That's what you drove
all the way here for?
I'm gonna be watchin' you.
And if you ever dare to speak
about what I've done for you,
boy, oh, boy, it's
gonna be crucial.
Welcome back to channel
eight, "Talk Detroit."
I'm Jay Towers.
Here with us now is
Sheriff John Wayne.
Sheriff, thanks for
being here today.
Jay, thanks for having me.
Recently, reports of a
number of gruesome murders
in the Lake Orion area have
left many residents worried
about their safety.
Over the past few months, police
have been tracking two men
on charges of kidnapping
and armed robbery.
Both of the suspects
were recently found dead
in what some Lake Orion
residents are seeing
as a form of street justice.
Now where did this all start?
Well, we
have a few open cases
from Detroit, going
back a few months,
and we've linked that to
this unknown assailant.
So is it
safe for us to assume
that this is the
work of an individual
and not a group of people?
Well, we're seeing
a similar pattern,
an M.O., if you will,
and details have emerged
that link this all together.
Our investigation has
kinda led us down the path
to believe we're looking
at a single suspect.
You know, there
was another gruesome death,
last week, in Old Town.
The victim was part of a
group called The Corpses.
Have you heard of them?
Oh, yeah, we're
familiar with them.
Any connection there?
Perhaps, it would
seem to fit the pattern,
but at this point, I would
say nothing's been confirmed.
Some residents
are hypothesizing...
Staff Sergeant Finnick.
Trade in uniforms, huh?
Well, I failed
at the last one,
so maybe I can right
my wrongs, this time.
Please stop.
Why do you do that to yourself?
You know you had nothing
to do with Brie's death.
I had everything
to do with it.
Look, you got to
stop blaming yourself.
You need to move past it.
You cannot harbor
the resentment.
I was her NCO.
I was supposed to protect
her, and I, I didn't.
I don't care
about labels, okay.
I don't care what your
name is in the Army.
You guys have been inseparable
since you were little kids.
We grew up together.
You guys went over there
fighting for the same thing.
Blood everywhere,
totally killed my buzz.
It was crazy, man.
Can you believe this shit?
Yeah, he was
hanging upside down,
like a bat in an alleyway.
You gotta do something.
You gotta hide your
wives and hide your kids.
You know, the Nain
Rouge is gonna get you.
Some residents are hypothesizing
that something animal
or inhuman was responsible
for these deaths.
I mean, is there
anything to that?
You know, given the
injuries to these victims,
I understand how people are
jumping to those conclusions,
and we're not
ruling anything out.
But I would say, definitively,
we're not looking
for some kind of
creature of folklore.
You know anything about it?
No.
No, if I see something,
I'll say something.
You'll be the first to know.
What about you?
Not a damn thing.
Nothin' makes sense.
Yeah, apparently.
I saw your dad, today.
I guess that's why you
haven't been around yet, huh?
Where at?
Just while I was out.
I love my father,
but he can be a real
piece of shit, sometimes.
And I'm sorry for that.
He loved me like you
guys, you and Brie.
Come on, Penny.
Come on, come on.
Watch your step.
Welcome to the
Palace of Solitude.
Wow, this looks
totally different.
Well, you know, my dad's
not around that much anymore.
Made it my own.
But it's a living.
They're beautiful.
What happened?
You were never this
forthcoming when we were kids.
Well, it took me a while,
gettin' comfortable with
being an artist, you know.
I mean, the whole time I was
in the city, it was tough.
It's not a place to
get your head straight.
And then my mom died,
and I was at the point
where I couldn't see
any end, no tomorrow.
I, uh, kinda got lost in drugs,
got really violent.
I almost didn't
make it out alive.
Wow, this is all
such a surprise to me.
Yeah.
Yeah, coming back home
was the only move I had.
I'm still working on my dad,
but with the pastor's
help, we'll get there.
Pastor Wilhem?
Yeah, he's a lifesaver.
Starsky and Hutch.
What's up, Chief?
Just the guys I'm lookin' for.
How you doin'?
Hey, we got a positive ID
on that guy you were chasing
through the woods, last night.
Yeah, what the
fuck happened, last night?
Nothing good.
It's a Marcellus De Vaux.
He's a local shithead, you know.
Did you just say
Marcellus De Vaux?
I been chasin'
this piece of shit
for the past couple of years.
Well, now's our chance,
but here's the thing.
He's very well connected
with Mayor Flynn.
Chief, mayor or no mayor,
I don't give a fuck
who his daddy is.
I get it, I get it,
but this is a minefield.
I need you guys to get
his ass, but step easy
and don't blow
anything up, okay?
Yes, sir.
Come on, baby, oh.
It's almost ready, baby.
Hey, hey, Ike.
It's me, Simon.
Ike?
Guess what day it is.
It's Devil's Night.
That's right.
You look like the cat
that ate the canary.
What the fuck brings you here?
Hi.
Can I get you anything?
Beer, cigarette?
How 'bout your
decorator's phone number?
Ah, don't be a dick.
No, but seriously,
what brings you here?
I need something
small, packs a punch,
something that goes bang.
Well, I would offer
up Candy over here,
but she's all mine.
You wanna help him out, babe?
Right this way.
I'll be right with you.
You seen the newspapers?
You seen the front pages?
Five deaths in 24 hours.
I don't give a fuck.
Yeah, well, two of
them were your own men.
Listen, man, I don't know
how the hell they do it
down there in Pine
Barrens, New Jersey,
but here in Lake Orion,
we gotta take care of our own.
Is this what you wanted?
Looks like it.
Let me see if it's all here.
Oh, it's all there.
You know, Candy,
you're worth a lot more
than Ike has to offer.
Ah, this, it's working
for me right now.
Well, just make sure
that you remember,
you got a long
life ahead of you.
Report
in, sector five.
Come here, guys.
Chief Pender!
Chief, what've you got, man?
Looks like a meth lab.
Meth lab,
everybody, all right,
500 feet, everybody's evacuated.
Everybody's out.
And as you're pullin'
them out, interview 'em.
Let's find out
who these guys are
and what they're
doing, all right?
Sarge, thanks so
much for comin'.
- We could use the help.
- Yeah, no problem.
We got two guys on foot.
We could sure use a guard.
I'll get you one.
Radio 30-03,
- can I get a K9 out here?
- All right, guys.
Chief, what the hell happened?
Meth lab explosion.
That's all we know.
Two guys on foot.
These guys are gonna be
evacuating the rest of the park.
Sure could use some
help gettin' that done.
This book contains anything
and everything
you'll need to know
about Nain Rouge.
Detective, please, come on in.
Mr. Mayor.
This is Officer Finnick,
Lake Orion Police.
Pleasure to meet you.
- Thank you, sir.
- Assistin' us on this case.
Thank you, thank you,
thank you for seeing me.
I know it's a tad bit
unusual meetin' me
without the chief present.
Nothin' inappropriate, is it?
Of course, it's only
a personal matter.
Well, I don't do favors.
Relax, Nightingale.
You're a good man.
You're an honest cop.
No need to prove anything to me.
Besides, you don't
even know what I wanted
to meet with you about.
This about your, um,
godson Marcel, is it?
What was it, vandalism at 14,
B-and-E at 15,
got caught with an unregistered
weapon that same year,
somethin' like that?
All charges were dropped.
You think you got all the
answers, don't you, Nightingale?
That's my job.
That's what I do.
And I try to know
who I'm dealin' with.
I'm a business
man, from Jersey,
American made from
American goods.
You see, I'm not
some rich asshole
with a sports team or
some hometown gangster
with a dozen hands
in his pockets.
Look, all this bullshit about
the gangs, revenge wars,
turf killings, whatever
you want to call it,
it has nothin' to
do with my son.
Look, your godson is
involved in this case,
and that's a fact.
The boy is just
runnin' scared,
but he's no murderer.
I have a possible
murder suspect
in the abandoned
warehouse on Oak Street,
asking for another unit.
10-4, 501.
There's another unit available
in the area of Oak Street,
got your back, 501.
502,
we're in the area.
Two-man unit, we'll
be there in a second.
Freeze!
This is Finnick.
I need backup on the roof.
- Calm down, everyone.
- With all due respect,
Madam Mayor, these
people deserve answers.
I promise you, your
voices will be heard.
We will hear from each and
every one of you, I promise.
No, she won't!
The Nain Rouge will kill us all!
There have been 17 mysterious
deaths of local residents
within the week, and our
community is at a great loss.
Our council has laid
out a plan of action.
If you would allow me,
I'd like to introduce our
chief of police, Chief Romano.
And lastly, effective
immediately,
I have enacted a curfew,
from 8 p.m. until 6 a.m.,
that's effective
for all residents.
Okay.
Madam Mayor, the
people deserve a reprieve
from all this chaos.
This is bullshit!
Folks, please.
Hey, come on, folks!
This isn't what you think.
It's only in place
to keep you safe
and your families accounted for.
At 8 p.m., the curfew happens.
And we want you either in
your home or well on your way.
Everyone, now,
everyone, please, please.
We all need to do our part.
If you're home,
then our fine men
and women uniform will
know you are safe.
Look at all of you.
Who's that motherfucker?
- Gathered under one roof.
- The pastor.
Hmm.
Coming together at
just the right time.
We need each other.
There are forces out there
that will try and tear us apart.
No.
An unwavering belief in the Lord
and in our police force
is what we can count on
to keep us strong,
keep us united.
As for the person or
persons responsible,
let's just pray
that all lost souls find
their way back to salvation.
The Nain Rouge is real!
I lost my niece
to drug violence,
and I want the police to
do something about it!
We all heard about this
little red devil on the loose.
Is there a monster
loose in Lake Orion?
People, people,
please, please.
We need to keep
our heads about us.
There isn't anything
supernatural going on.
We've all heard the stories.
Campfire tales, that's all.
I need you to trust us,
all of us, that we are
doing everything we can
to get to the bottom.
In fact, Officer Finnick, who
do you have there with you?
Oh, my apologies, Chief,
and to the great
people of Lake Orion.
I'm Detective Nightingale
from the Detroit
Police Department.
I'm here on a special
assignment to assist
in investigating these murders.
If you'll have me!
Well, that'll be
just fine by me.
And in fact, I think
that just about does it.
Please be safe,
everyone, going home
and respect the curfew tonight.
God bless you all.
- Hey.
- Hi.
What happened to you
at the town hall meeting?
You know I'm not
a politics guy.
I was looking for you, today.
I took a trip outta town.
If you're, uh, not on
this thing all night,
or you just want
to take a break,
you should stop by later.
I, uh, think I could do that.
Okay.
See you then.
Is that your man there?
Not yet.
The night's still young.
Now
what's good here?
Cheeseburgers.
You buying?
Why not?
It has been summoned.
Hey, perfect
timing, come here.
Set your phone down.
Put these on.
Here, push your hair back first.
I don't think you
want me to touch this...
I got it, I got it.
Thing.
What is this?
I'm not really sure.
I was hoping you
could help me out.
Okay.
Kind of a work in progress.
Is this your first time?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Grab on to here, don't
press the red handle.
Put your mask down.
I'm gonna guide you, okay?
Okay.
And...
Now go in straight.
How'd I do?
Not bad at all.
I'm impressed.
Good afternoon, Doc.
I'm Detective Nightingale
from Detroit Police.
Dr. Muskoviti.
Pleasure to meet you, Detective.
What's our story here?
Got a real unusual case here.
He's got a combination
of real deep thermal
and chemical burns, some
real unusual wounds here.
Either he learns how to
shave less aggressively
and not sit under the sunlamp
all day, or as he claims,
some red, little,
rodent-looking monster broke
into his house and
blew up his meth lab
and left him lookin' like this.
Who did this to you, Ike?
Get me out of here!
No, I need to get out of here!
He's comin' for us all!
Every single one of you
motherfuckers is gonna die!
He'll cut your tongue out
before you even get
a fuckin' word out!
Let go of me, man!
I need to get out of here!
Let me go!
- I got this.
- Let me go!
Ike, I got this!
Ah!
The ice cream social is
next Sunday after services.
Please stick around.
I was reading a poem last
week that I found in college,
and it means more to me
now than it did then,
and I think it
will for you, too.
From "Ulysses," by
Lord Alfred Tennyson.
- Please.
- I got this.
Just tell me who did it.
Who was it?
The devil.
It was the devil.
Calm down, Ike.
- Please.
- Calm down.
Leave the drugs alone, man.
I told you that your whole life.
Now get off of that shit, boy.
I told you about that shit.
- Please.
- No, man, let go of me, man!
Come on, man, it's
gonna be all right.
Ike, hold on, just hold on, man.
This'll be fine.
I got this.
I'll be right back.
Just hold tight.
Much abides.
Though we are not
now that strength,
which in old days,
moved earth and heaven,
that which we are, we are.
One equal temper
of heroic hearts
made weak my time and fate,
but strong in will,
to strive, to seek,
to find, and not to yield.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I gotta go.
Okay.
Duty calls.
I'll see you soon?
Yeah, yeah.
You are good.
Great.
What more do I gotta say?
You don't come around
here, you hear me?
This is my place as
much as it is the boy's.
But that don't mean
just anyone's invited.
Are you listenin' to me?
In or out of uniform,
you don't touch an
officer of the law, ever!
You also don't get to
tell me who I can see.
From now on, when we meet,
you either smile, nod or wave.
I don't care which.
Then you go about your business.
Don't say a single word.
And if I ever catch you
smelling like this again
in a vehicle, I'll
run your ass in.
Now I loved your daughter.
If I could've traded places
with her, I would have.
And I like your son.
That's just the way it is.
But none of that
changes anything.
It's best you get used to it.
You deserve some credit.
It was all your idea, after all.
You've spoken of Nain
Rouge for ,
well, as long as I can remember.
But we took action.
How can I possibly explain?
Trying times demand
drastic measures.
You're a naive son of a bitch.
It's too dangerous.
You don't have the slightest
idea of what you're doing.
The congregation, the people
of Lake Orion want this.
Lasting peace and prosperity.
Bullshit!
We'll all burn for this.
No, you're wrong.
I know the word of the Lord.
I've heard it.
He speaks to me.
Now put the gun away
and just accept that this
is a blessing from God.
You made a deal with
the devil, Pastor.
Anna Lee, you put that
gun down, right now.
Do as he says.
The people won't stand for it.
Now, Anna Lee.
This is your last warning.
She's not gonna shoot.
Our secret is safe with her.
Please, Anna Lee.
Let's hope God
forgives both of you.
Billie, it's Romano.
What?
Yes, I'll be there, in a second.
Dad!
Oh my God.
Here, sit down.
Jesus Christ.
Neither of you
move, all right?
Come on.
There's a monster.
He's on his way here.
And, Ellis, you're
gonna help me kill it.
Help you kill what?
It's like a, like a red,
some sort of a just...
Listen, I don't care what
the fuck this is about!
I need to get him
to a hospital now!
Dad?
Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad,
Dad, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Dad, will you talk
to me, please?
- You hear me?
- Okay.
We can figure this thing out,
and then you're
gonna help me kill it
when it gets here.
And we'll get him to a hospital.
We'll get him to a hospital.
Do you hear me?
Yeah, I fuckin' hear you!
It doesn't matter now.
Ellis, where are you going?
Don't you get any bright ideas.
I used up all my bright ideas!
You know what this is?
A knife?
That monster you
were talking about,
that was me!
I summoned it
to kill people like you.
Do you know how many
people you've killed?
That's not gonna
bring my mom back,
my sister back, and now my dad!
But it'll fuckin' kill you!
Call it off, Ellis!
Ellis!
Freeze.
Turn around.
I'm gonna need the knife.
Not gonna happen.
It doesn't matter.
This is your end.
No.
Shoot me if you have to.
You're gonna die
here for that, Ellis.
And no magic's gonna save you.
Had you been really
so righteous,
it would've been you out
there, stickin' his neck out,
instead of hangin' this on
every member of this town.
Well, we're gonna change
all that, aren't we?
Get up, girl.
Billie, this
motherfucker's been here.
Billie Jean!
No.
No, help!
Finnick!
You motherfucker!
Get your motherfuckin'
ass out of here.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Drop her, man, now!
Nain Rouge!
Come here!
Get over here.
Billie, no!
No, you ruined it!
Give me that.
Back up!
Get up!
Get up.
It's no good, Ellis.
I was doin' good
for this town.
Hey, asshole, drop it or die!
LOPD ain't gonna
let you walk out
of this motherfucker
with one of their own.
Give it up, Ellis!
On your knees,
hands on your head now!
I was trying to help.
How you feel?
I don't know.
What about your boy?
We lost all the
monster evidence,
burned up the museum's artifact.
Dammit.
I don't know.
Maybe we should just
keep him a couple days,
just for being an asshole.
We should've blamed
all this shit on his ass.
Guess it's better than nothing.
Thank you.
You gonna be all
right in this town.
Everybody's not made
for the long war.
You'll do just fine, Finnick.
Take care of yourself.
You too.
Fellas, could I get
a ride outta here?
I'm looking for a fighter
that goes by the name
of Marcellus De Vaux.
You mean J.D.,
the Jersey Devil.
He's right there, honey.
See, old friend,
I broke more soldiers
than you did.